I 'm a contemporary artist with a bit of an unexpected background. 
I was in my 20s before I ever went to an art museum. 
I grew up in the middle of nowhere on a dirt road in rural Arkansas , an hour from the nearest movie theater. 
And I think it was a great place to grow up as an artist because I grew up around quirky , colorful characters who were great at making with their hands. 
And my childhood is more hick than I could ever possibly relate to you, and also more intellectual than you would ever expect. 
For instance , me and my sister , when we were little , we would compete to see who could eat the most squirrel brains . 
 But on the other side of that , though , we were big readers in our house. 
And if the TV was on , we were watching a documentary. 
And my dad is the most voracious reader I know. 
He can read a novel or two a day. 
But when I was little , I remember , he would kill flies in our house with my BB gun. 
And what was so amazing to me about that -- well he would be in his recliner, would holler for me to fetch the BB gun, and I 'd go get it. 
And what was amazing to me -- well it was pretty kickass; he was killing a fly in the house with a gun -- but what was so amazing to me was that he knew just enough how to pump it. 
And he could shoot it from two rooms away and not damage what it was on because he knew how to pump it just enough to kill the fly and not damage what it landed on. 
So I should talk about art. 
 Or we 'll be here all day with my childhood stories. 
I love contemporary art, but I 'm often really frustrated with the contemporary art world and the contemporary art scene. 
A few years ago, I spent months in Europe to see the major international art exhibitions that have the pulse of what is supposed to be going on in the art world. 
And I was struck by going to so many, one after the other, with some clarity of what it was that I was longing for. 
And I was longing for several things that I was n't getting, or not getting enough of. 